Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
WHAT ARE YOU DOING,
RAPHAEL?
TAKING A TRIP
DOWN MEMORY LANE, I SEE.
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE SO SENTIMENTAL.
ME SENTIMENTAL?
HEH. NO WAY.
I JUST OPENED
THAT PHOTO ALBUM
BY ACCIDENT.
WOW! REMEMBER
THESE GUYS?
OH, YEAH, THE FROGS.
THEY WERE
MONDO COOL AMIGOS.
HEY, REMEMBER
HOW KRANG SENT
THAT CAN OF MUTIGEN
TO THE WRONG PLACE?
YEAH, AND IT TURNED THOSE
SWAMP FROGS INTO PUNK FROGS.
GATOR HUNTING'S SLIM
IN THIS SWAMP, PA.
MAYBE WE BETTER
GO BACK TO LOUISIANA.
THAT OLD LEATHERHEAD'S
SOMEWHERE
IN THESE WATERS, BOY.
HE'S THE BIGGEST
GATOR THAT EVER
GOT BORN.
I'M NOT LEAVING
TILL I CATCH HIM.
IT'S LEATHERHEAD!
W-WHERE WE
HEADED NOW, PA?
WHOA! BACK
TO LOUISIANA,
LICKETY-SPLIT!
I WONDER WHAT
EVER HAPPENED
TO THE FROGS.
WELL, THEY'RE
PROBABLY HAVING
A TRULY BODACIOUS TIME
IN THOSE PEACEFUL
FLORIDA SWAMPS.
NO USE SKEDADDLING,
FROGS!
YOU DON'T BE ESCAPING
FROM OLD LEATHERHEAD.
FASTER, FELLOWS.
HE'S RIGHT ON
OUR TAILS!
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
WE LOST THEM THINGS
WHEN WE WAS
ITTY BITTY TADPOLES.
IT'S JUST A FIGURE
OF SPEECH, GENGHIS.
WHY ARE YOU STOPPING,
NAPOLEON?
THERE COMES A TIME
WHEN YOU'VE GOT
TO STOP RUNNING.
BUT WHY DID YOU
HAVE TO PICK THIS TIME?
'CAUSE A FROG'S
GOT TO DO
WHAT A FROG'S GOT TO DO.
YOU FROGS
BE PLENTY PITIFUL.
I SHOWED THEM FROGS,
BY GUMBO.
THINGS DON'T LOOK
SO GOOD, DO THEY?
WE AIN'T
GIVING UP YET.
HEY! WHAT IS THIS?
GOOD SHOOTIN',
RASPUTIN.
YEAH. THAT OUGHT
TO HOLD HIM.
IT OUGHT TO...
BUT IT WON'T!
I GUARANTEE.
FELLAS, IT'S TIME
TO REGROUP AND RETHINK.
OK, BUT FIRST
LET'S RETREAT!
YOU DON'T GET SO EASY,
YOU BETCHA.
NO!
OH, GOSH!
WHAT'S PLAN B?
THIS SURE BE
SOME GOOD LIFE.
THIS SURE IS
HARD WORK.
BETTER YOU GET
USED TO IT.
YOU GONNA BE
MY SLAVES FOR LIFE.
AND US GATORS LIVE
FOR HUNDREDS OF YEARS, YEAH.
AND IN CASE
YOU FIGURE ON ESCAPING,
MY CRAWFISH CLAMPS
MAKE SURE YOU DON'T.
NOW, I'M GOING TO CATCH
ME 40 WINKS,
SO, UH, KEEP
IT QUIET, HEAR?
IT APPEARS WE'RE GOING
TO NEED SOME HELP
DEALING
WITH LEATHERHEAD.
AND I KNOW JUST
WHERE TO GET IT.
WHO YOU GOING
TO CALL, GATORBUSTERS?
NO. BETTER YET.
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE
A TRIP DOWN MEMORY LANE
TO WORK UP AN APPETITE.
I CAN DIG THAT,
DONATELLO.
ANYONE FOR PIZZA?
LEONARDO HERE.
WHO'S THIS?
THIS HERE'S
RASPUTIN.
HEY, THE FROGS.
WE WERE JUST
TALKING ABOUT
YOU FELLAS.
WE KINDA NEED
YOUR HELP.
HOW FAST CAN YOU
GET TO FLORIDA?
WHERE WE GOING
TO STAY
WHILE WE'RE
IN FLORIDA?
HEY, NO PROBLEMO.
APRIL AND IRMA ARE
DOWN THERE ON VACATION.
WE COULD CRASH
WITH THEM.
SEE HOW CONVENIENTLY
EVERYTHING'S WORKING OUT?
WE WON'T HAVE
A BIT OF TROUBLE.
MY TRACKING EQUIPMENT
TELLS ME
THE TURTLES ARE
UP TO SOMETHING.
SO THIS IS WHAT
THE FLORIDA SWAMP
LOOKS LIKE.
WAIT. WHAT'S THIS?
LOOK AT THE SIZE
OF THAT CREATURE
AND THOSE
PESKY P-FROGS.
THAT THING
HAS CAPTURED THEM.
OOH, SHREDDER, I WANT YOU
TO GO TO THE SURFACE
AND ENLIST THE HELP
OF THAT BEAST.
A HALF ALLIGATOR,
HALF MAN?
WHY DO WE NEED
WITH FREAK LIKE THAT?
IF HE CAN HANDLE
FOUR ARMED FROGS,
HE CAN CERTAINLY
HELP US
DESTROY THOSE
BOTHERSOME SHELLBACKS.
NOW, GO, AND DON'T COME BACK
WITHOUT THAT MUTANT.
JUST WHAT WE NEED--
MORE OF THEM.
SO YOU SEE, WE'RE HERE
TO HELP OUT THE FROGS.
COME ON. I LEFT
THE OTHER GUYS
BACK AT THE SWAMP.
HOLD ON.
DID YOU SAY SWAMP?
WELL, YEAH.
THAT'S WHERE
THE FROGS LIVE.
ICKY THINGS?
I JUST REMEMBERED
A NAIL APPOINTMENT
BACK IN THE CITY.
CIAO!
STILL NO SIGN
OF THE FROGS
OR OF THIS LEATHERHEAD
CHARACTER, EITHER.
LEONARDO,
TRY TO CUT US FREE.
I CAN'T REACH
MY SWORD.
WHAT YOU BUMS DOING
HERE IN MY SWAMP?
UH, NOTHING MUCH.
JUST HANGING AROUND.
YOU COME IN HERE,
BUT YOU AIN'T
NEVER GOING TO LEAVE.
I GUARANTEE.
I NEVER THOUGHT
IT WOULD END LIKE THIS--
HANGING IN A NET,
CAPTURED
BY A MUTANT ALLIGATOR.
YEAH.
LIFE SURE TAKES FUNNY
TWISTS, DOESN'T IT?
LOOKS LIKE OUR PALS
THE TURTLES
ARE IN HOT GUMBO.
ONE OF US REALLY
OUGHT TO DO SOMETHING.
I GUESS IT'S MY TURN.
GET OFF OF ME, AND
I'LL FIX YOU GOOD.
WHICH IS WHY
WE'RE NOT ABOUT TO.
HOWDY, TURTLES.
WELCOME TO THE SWAMP.
YOU FELLAS ALL RIGHT?
NEVER BEEN BETTER.
OHH! I GET MY CLAWS
ON YOU,
I MAKE YOU
INTO SWAMP STEW!
I DOUBT IF YOU'LL
GET THE CHANCE,
MY SCALY FRIEND.
FROGS, THIS IS
OUR FRIEND APRIL.
HEY, PLEASURE, MA'AM.
PLEASED
TO MEET YOU.
ARE THINGS ALWAYS
THIS EXCITING AROUND
THESE PARTS?
ONLY SINCE THIS NO GOOD
LEATHERHEAD SHOWED UP.
HOW DO YOU SUPPOSE
A CREATURE LIKE THAT
CAME ABOUT?
PROBABLY FROM SOME
OF KRANG'S MUTIGEN
THAT SEEPED
INTO THE SWAMP.
BUT WE'VE GOT
A BIGGER PROBLEM.
NOW THAT WE'VE GOT HIM,
WHAT DO WE DO WITH HIM?
ROCK STEADY,
YOU MUTANT
MUTTONHEAD.
YOU MISSED
THE COORDINATES
COMPLETELY.
OH, WHAT'S
THE DIFFERENCE, BOSS?
A SWAMP IS A SWAMP.
BEES!
NOW WHAT DO YOU HAVE
TO SAY FOR YOURSELF?
HOW ABOUT OOPS?
YOU ALWAYS DID HAVE
A WAY WITH WORDS.
WHEN WE REACH
THE EDGE OF THE SWAMP,
WE CAN TURN LEATHERHEAD
OVER TO THE AUTHORITIES.
HOW MUCH FARTHER
IS IT?
'BOUT 12 MILES
AS THE CROW FLIES.
I DON'T KNOW HOW FAR
IT IS AS THE FROG HOPS.
UGH. I'M BUSHED.
LET'S TAKE A BREAK.
WE'VE BEEN TRUDGING
THROUGH THIS SWAMP
FOR HOURS NOW.
AND ALL WE'VE GOT
TO SHOW FOR IT
ARE BLISTERS
THE SIZE OF
RHODE ISLAND.
YEAH, AND MOSQUITOES
THE SIZE OF 747s.
SHUCKS,
I'LL HANDLE THAT.
MMM. THAT SURE
HIT THE SPOT.
EW, HOW COULD
YOU DO THAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT, MISS APRIL.
I SHOULD'VE OFFERED
THE TWO OF YOU SOME.
FORGET IT, DUDE.
NOT EVEN ON A PIZZA.
YES, KRANG,
WHAT IS IT?
WELL, WHAT'S
THE DELAY?
HAVEN'T YOU
LOCATED
THAT MUTANT
ALLIGATOR YET?
WILL YOU
GET OFF MY BACK?
I'VE GOT
ENOUGH ANNOYING PESTS
BUGGING ME ALREADY.
OOH. TEMPER, TEMPER,
SHREDDER.
JUST KEEP AN EYE OUT
FOR THAT CREATURE.
MY SCANNERS SHOW
HE'S IN THE AREA.
HEY, BOSS,
LOOK WHAT I FOUND.
IT'S THE TURTLES.
AND A WHOLE BUNCH
OF FROGS.
AND THEY'VE GOT
THAT MUTANT ALLIGATOR
WITH THEM.
THIS IS
OUR LUCKY DAY--
WE CAPTURE
TWO PRIZES
INSTEAD OF ONE.
YOU WANT WE SHOULD
RUSH THEM, BOSS?
NOT YET.
WE'LL FOLLOW THEM
AND SEE WHAT
THEY'RE UP TO.
HEY, WHAT YOU SAY
WE STOP HERE?
MY FEETS,
THEY ARE PLENTY TIRED.
HMM. MAYBE WE SHOULD
TAKE A BREAK.
YEAH. WHY NOT?
MUTANT ALLIGATORS
ARE ONLY HUMAN, TOO.
ALL RIGHT, GROUP,
LET'S TAKE FIVE.
WHY DON'T YOU REST
IN THAT THERE SHADE?
IT BE PLENTY COOL
THERE. I GUARANTEE.
THAT'S MIGHTY THOUGHTFUL
OF HIM, DON'T YOU THINK?
YEAH, FOR A MURDEROUS
STEALING, CHEATING,
DOUBLE-CROSSER, AHH,
HE SURE IS NICE.
FELLAS, I'VE
SUDDENLY GOT
A SINKING FEELING
ABOUT THIS.
THAT'S WEIRD.
SO DO I.
NO WONDER.
WE'RE STANDING
IN QUICKSAND.
YOU FELL
FOR THE OLDEST TRICK
IN THIS HERE SWAMP.
YEAH!
WHAT DID I
TELL YOU--
THAT ALLIGATOR
OUTSMARTED THEM.
YOU BE FINISHED NOW.
THE QUICKSAND TAKE
CARE OF YOU REAL GOOD.
YOU'RE FORGETTING
ONE THING, MISTER--
WHERE WE GO,
YOU GO.
YOU'RE RIGHT,
BOSS.
HE SURE
OUTSMARTED THEM.
OH, SHUT UP.
THIS STUFF'S
STICKIER
THAN MICHELANGELO'S
MELTED MOZZARELLA.
FELLAS,
WE'RE SINKING FAST.
OH, THAT'S
JUST GREAT.
WELL, THIS IS THE LAST
VACATION I EVER SPEND HERE.
POOR LEATHERHEAD.
HE SURE HAS
GOT HIMSELF IN A JAM.
POOR LEATHERHEAD?
WHAT ABOUT POOR US?
I SUPPOSE IT'S
A LITTLE LATE
TO ASK YOU FROGS
TO TEACH US
TO BREATHE
UNDER WATER?
OH, WELL, WE COULDN'T
DO THAT.
THAT'S A FAMILY SECRET
THAT'S GOING TO DIE WITH US.
IT CERTAINLY IS,
YOU WEB-FOOTED WIMPS.
SHREDDER!
HURRY UP
AND GET THEM OUT.
RIGHT, BOSS.
YOU SAVED MY LIFE.
HEH HEH.
WHAT FOR
YOU DO THAT?
LET'S JUST SAY I'M A LOVER
OF ALL WILD CREATURES.
WELL, THERE AIN'T
NO CREATURE
WILDER THAN
OLD LEATHERHEAD,
YOU BETCHA!
AH, THAT FEEL
PLENTY GOOD.
I WISH YOU
WOULDN'T DO THAT.
IT'S SO HARD TO FIND
A DECENT DRY-CLEANER
IN THESE SWAMPS.
WHY YOU BE SO GOOD
TO LEATHERHEAD?
BECAUSE I HAVE
GREAT PLANS
FOR YOUR FUTURE.
YO, SHREDHEAD,
WHAT ABOUT US?
YOU'RE NOT JUST
GOING TO LEAVE US
HERE, ARE YOU?
SORRY, BUT
I'VE ALREADY DONE
MY REPTILE RESCUE
FOR THIS YEAR.
WHAT A FITTING END
FOR THE BUNCH OF YOU--
BACK INTO THE PRIMORDIAL
SWAMP YOU CAME FROM.
GOLLY. HE SURE IS
ONE MEAN PERSON.
BUT YOU GOT
TO ADMIT,
HE DOES HAVE
A PLEASANT LAUGH.
I GOT AN IDEA
TO GET US OUT OF HERE.
OH, YEAH?
LIKE HOW?
LIKE SO.
FOLLOW ME, Y'ALL.
IT'S WORKING,
NAPOLEON.
YOU FIRST,
RASPUTIN.
OH, NO.
AFTER YOU, ATTILA.
OH, BUT I INSIST.
BE MY GUEST.
FELLAS,
THIS SOUTHERN
COURTESY
IS A BIT MUCH.
YEAH, IT'LL BE
THE DE-ATH OF ME.
YUCK! MAXIMUM
GROSS-OUT, DUDES.
THIS SWAMP
IS SCUZ CITY.
OH, MY HAIR
IS AN ABSOLUTE MESS.
SCOPE IT OUT, BUDS--
A PUBLIC BATH.
COWABUNGA!
THIS WATER FEELS
MONDO-BIZARRO
ON MY SHELL.
MICHELANGELO,
YOU'RE STARTING
TO GLOW!
OH, NO. IT MUST BE
THAT LEFT OVER MUTIGEN
THAT TURNED OUR FRIENDS
THE FROGS HERE
INTO THEIR
PRESENT FORM.
DID YOU SAY
MUTIGEN?
WHOA!
IT'S SPLIT-CITY
FOR THIS DUDE!
DOES THIS MEAN IT'S
BACK TO THE PET SHOP
FOR MICHELANGELO?
I DOUBT IT.
IT'S NOT A STRONG
ENOUGH DOSE.
UH, MAYBE YOU OUGHT TO
TAKE A REST, MICHELANGELO.
ME REST?
ARE YOU KIDDING,
DUDE?
I'VE NEVER
FELT SO PUMPED
IN MY WHOLE
LIFE!
HMM. I HAVE A THEORY
ABOUT THAT POOL.
DONATELLO,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
YEAH!
MICHELANGELO
WAS RIGHT.
THAT WATER
MAKES YOU FEEL
LIKE A YOUNG
TURTLE AGAIN.
WHICH MEANS?
THE MUTIGEN
CONTENT MIXED
WITH THE WATER'S
NATURAL MINERALS
HAVE TURNED IT
INTO A MODERN-DAY
FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH.
A FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH?
JUST THE THING
TO SHED A FEW WRINKLES.
NO, BETTER NOT,
APRIL.
WE DON'T KNOW HOW
THAT WATER MIGHT
AFFECT HUMANS.
OH, GREAT.
I'M DOOMED
TO BE A DECREPIT
28-YEAR-OLD HAG.
ALL THIS HEAT IS
MAKING ME THIRSTY.
IF ONLY I HAD
SOMETHING TO DRINK.
WATER! I MUST
HAVE SOME.
HOLD ON!
THAT WATER NO GOOD
FOR DRINKING.
IT BE FULL
OF VOODOO MAGIC.
VOODOO MAGIC?
WHAT SORT OF NONSENSE
ARE YOU BLABBERING ABOUT?
WAIT.
WHAT'S THAT
PECULIAR ODOR?
MAYBE IT'S US,
BOSS.
NO, NO. IT'S
SOMETHING ELSE.
NOW I REMEMBER.
IT'S MUTIGEN.
AIN'T THAT
THE STUFF
THAT TURNED ME
INTO A WARTHOG?
AND ME
INTO A RHINO?
INTO A GATORMAN?
PRECISELY.
AND IN ALL YOUR CASES
IT WAS A DEFINITE IMPROVEMENT.
NOW QUIET, ALL OF YOU.
I MUST
THINK OF SOME WAY
TO TRANSPORT
THIS MUTIGEN
BACK TO KRANG.
HOLD ON.
SOMEBODY, SHE BE
COMING THIS WAY.
IT'S THE TURTLES.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
HOW DID THEY ESCAPE
FROM THAT QUICKSAND TRAP?
IT MAKE NO NEVER MIND.
THIS TIME
WE FINISH THEM GOOD,
YOU BETCHA.
YOU STILL FEELING
THE EFFECTS
OF THAT MUTIGENATED
WATER, MICHELANGELO?
MAN, I FEEL
TOTALLY JAZZED.
LIKE I COULD
TANGLE WITH ANYONE.
DID YOU SAY ANYONE?
ROCK STEADY.
AND LET'S NOT
FORGET US.
AND ME, TOO.
HEH HEH HEH.
SHREDHEAD
AND LEATHERHEAD
JOINING FORCES?
WHY NOT?
THEY SAY TWO HEADS
ARE BETTER THAN ONE.
LIKE, GET SERIOUS,
DUDES.
WE'VE GOT YOU
OUTNUMBERED.
YEAH.
AND THERE'S ALSO
MORE OF US THAN YOU.
GET THEM!
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO ASK US TWICE.
RASPUTIN, HAVEN'T
YOU GOT AN ARROW
FOR A SITUATION
LIKE THIS?
AS A MATTER
OF FACT, I DO.
THEY CAN'T SHOOT
WHAT THEY CAN'T SEE.
OK, TURTLES,
NOW'S OUR CHANCE!
UH-OH, FELLAS.
I THINK THE WIND
JUST CHANGED.
I DISTINCTLY ASKED
FOR THE NO-SMOKING SECTION.
BLASTED SMOKE!
WHA--WHAT'S
HAPPENING TO ME?
I'M SHRINKING!
WE GOT THEM NOW,
BOSS.
DUH, BOSS?
DON'T JUST STAND
THERE, YOU MORONS.
DO SOMETHING!
IT REALLY IS
A FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH.
NOW AREN'T YOU GLAD
YOU DIDN'T GO IN?
AW, AIN'T HE CUTE?
CAREFUL, YOU
OVERGROWN KLUTZ.
YOU WANT WE SHOULD
BURP YOU, BOSS?
MAYBE HE FAILED,
BUT I'LL GET
RID OF YOU.
I GUARANTEE.
HEY, WHAT YOU DO?
THE DAM, SHE BLASTED
TO SMITHEREENS!
GET DOWN!
OH, NO!
MAYBE YOU WIN
THIS TIME, HEH HEH,
BUT I'M GOING
TO BE BACK, YOU BETCHA!
GOOD GOING,
DONATELLO.
YEAH, IT SURE WAS NEAT
THE WAY YOU BLEW
UP THAT DAM.
ME? BLEW UP THE DAM?
YOU DID PLAN IT THAT
WAY, DIDN'T YOU?
OH...OH, YEAH.
UH, SURE.
OF COURSE. YOU BET.
WHAT'S KEEPING
SHREDDER?
HE SHOULD'VE
BEEN BACK BY NOW.
I WANT THAT
WATER SAMPLE.
SHREDDER,
IS THAT REALLY YOU?
BOO-HOO, KRANG,
YOU'VE GOT TO HELP ME.
I NEED TO GROW UP.
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO TELL YOU THAT
FOR YEARS.
GEE, I FEEL
JUST LIKE A DADDY.
OH, JUST WAIT
TILL I'M BIG.
OH, YOU'RE GOING
TO GET IT!
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
OUR JOB HERE IS DONE,
FROG FRIENDS.
IT'S BACK
TO THE CITY FOR US.
IT'S PROBABLY BEST
THAT THE FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH
REMAIN A SECRET.
DON'T WORRY. WE ALREADY
FORGOT ABOUT IT.
FORGOT ABOUT WHAT?
AND DON'T WORRY
ABOUT OLD LEATHERLIPS.
WE HUNG THAT DUDE
OUT TO DRY.
BUT TOTALLY.
WHO HUNG WHO OUT,
MICHELANGELO?
MAJOR BUMMER, DUDES.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org